README.md, before:

# Mirror|rorriM

## Motivation

How many Git repos do you have?
I have over 100 (but most of them are stale).
Even in the last two weeks (when this was made), I'd edited over 10 different ones.
They also rely on multiple configuration files that I frequently update (see all the ones in the root of this repo).
How do I manage them all?
I mirror them from a centralized config repo (https://github.com/George-Ogden/config).

## Usage

You have the same problem? Just follow these three steps:

0. Install from GitHub:

```bash
uv pip install git+https://github.com/George-Ogden/mirror-rorrim
```

(miss off the `uv` if you're still using `pip`).

1. Make a configuration file called `.mirror.yaml` in the root of your repository (skip this step if you already have a config you want to use):

```yaml
repos:
  - source: <location of config files> # anything you can git clone ...
    files:
      - mypy.ini # shorthand for mypy.ini: mypy.ini
      - pytest.ini: pytest.ini # format is target: source
      - ruff.toml

    # add more sources in the same format to sync from multiple repos
  - source: https://github.com/github/gitignore
    files:
      - .gitignore: Python.gitignore

  - source: https://github.com/licenses/license-templates
    files:
      - LICENSE: templates/mit.txt
```

2. Install the mirror (make sure you've already run `git init`):

```bash
mirror install
```

For more advanced options, including using a remote config, see the help text:

```bash
mirror install --help
```

_After installing, it's a good idea to commit._

3. Periodically, sync your config files:

```bash
mirror sync
```

Make updates in the repos you're syncing from.
_You can still edit your local files manually, but you may need to resolve conflicts when you sync._

## Contributing

Use GitHub for bugs/feature requests.

Commit message:

Add pre-commit hook to README

README.md, after:

# Mirror|rorriM

## Motivation

How many Git repos do you have?
I have over 100 (but most of them are stale).
Even in the last two weeks (when this was made), I'd edited over 10 different ones.
They also rely on multiple configuration files that I frequently update (see all the ones in the root of this repo).
How do I manage them all?
I mirror them from a centralized config repo (https://github.com/George-Ogden/config).

## Usage

You have the same problem? Just follow these three steps:

0. Install from GitHub:

```bash
uv pip install git+https://github.com/George-Ogden/mirror-rorrim
```

(miss off the `uv` if you're still using `pip`).

1. Make a configuration file called `.mirror.yaml` in the root of your repository (skip this step if you already have a config you want to use):

```yaml
repos:
  - source: <location of config files> # anything you can git clone ...
    files:
      - mypy.ini # shorthand for mypy.ini: mypy.ini
      - pytest.ini: pytest.ini # format is target: source
      - ruff.toml

    # add more sources in the same format to sync from multiple repos
  - source: https://github.com/github/gitignore
    files:
      - .gitignore: Python.gitignore

  - source: https://github.com/licenses/license-templates
    files:
      - LICENSE: templates/mit.txt
```

2. Install the mirror (make sure you've already run `git init`):

```bash
mirror install
```

For more advanced options, including using a remote config, see the help text:

```bash
mirror install --help
```

_After installing, it's a good idea to commit._

3. Periodically, sync your config files:

```bash
mirror sync
```

Make updates in the repos you're syncing from.
_You can still edit your local files manually, but you may need to resolve conflicts when you sync._

### Pre-Commit

If you use, `pre-commit`, consider adding this repo as a hook to check for updates:

```yaml
- repo: https://github.com/George-Ogden/mirror-rorrim/
  rev: v0.3.1
  hooks:
    - id: mirror-check
```

## Contributing

Use GitHub for bugs/feature requests.
